For those of you
who might not know me...
...I'm Percy Fraser.
♪ Breathing in ♪
♪ breathing out...
For those of you
who do know me...
...well. you know how nervous I am
about public speaking.
♪ You feeling proud...
I mean. if it was anybody else...
...I would just be enjoying the champagne.
♪ You build a life ♪
♪ You lose your friends ♪
♪ You lose your wife ♪
♪ You settle in ♪
♪ to routine ♪
♪ Where are you? ♪
♪ What does it mean? ♪
But...
it isn't anybody.
It's Chantal.
And her wonderful fiancé. Drew.
And. uh. since I'm hopefully much better
at writing than I am at this.
I'll. uh...
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Love can be hard to find.
♪ If I get too close ♪
Searching for that person
to call your own.
♪ and I'm not how you hoped...
Sometimes it can be lonely out there.
Cold. even.
The currents can feel like
they're against us.
♪ till the summertime...
But if you're lucky.
you find someone to be by your side.
♪ I was raised on little light ♪
Someone who wants to...
share the journey with you.
Someone who's there for you...
...even when the going gets rough.
Someone who will put up with
all of your...
madness and intensity.
And doesn't just put up with it...
...but celebrates it.
Celebrates you.
Finding that person isn't easy.
Making it work is even harder.
So if you're lucky enough
to find that person...
...like Chantal and Drew
found each other...
...well...
...never let go.
♪ If I get too close...
To love worth holding onto.
Forever.
♪ forgive my northern attitude ♪
♪ oh. I was raised out in the cold ♪
♪ If the sun don't rise ♪
♪ till the summertime ♪
♪ forgive my northern attitude ♪
♪ oh. I was raised on little light ♪
Hey. Percy.
Nice toast.
It's like I almost believed it's true.
Eh. you and I are the same.
- We know better.
- Hmm.
Yeah. we do.
So how's work?
Been traveling a lot.
You?
Still in the obit biz?
Yeah.
One of the few things
newspapers still need writers for.
And it pays the bills. so...
You dating anyone?
No.
- You?
- Uh-uh.
Why. why. why are you leaving?
Please. it's so early.
It's 11:00. And I have work to do.
You--
Oh. that's bullshit. That...
- No.
- What?
Jake? No. No. no. no. no. no.
- Please. not Jake. No.
- He's your-- he's your fiancé's brother.
Half brother. And his body count...
Already includes me.
Doesn't make him not an asshole.
Well. I'm not looking for a good man.
just a good time.
You can have both. you know.
Well. I know you can
and I could not be happier for you.
I love you and your gorgeous fiancé.
- Love you. Be good.
- You know I won't.
So. got any fun plans
for the end of summer?
Summer is for kids.
I outgrew that years ago.
The season?
The need to celebrate it.
Coming up?
One thing I do miss about summer
is being barefoot.
These heels can suck it.
I can rub them.
Make it all better.
That would be nice.
Well. lie down.
My God...
I need to take this.
Hello?
-  Pers?
- Sam?
No. No. no. no. no. It's--
It's Charlie.
Charlie. Hey. Uh...
I know it's been a long time.
God. I don't even know how long.
Ten years.
Wow.
- Long time.
- Yeah.
I'm sorry to call so late. I...
I have some news.
Bad news.
My mom passed away a few days ago.
Oh. my God.
I'm really sorry. Charlie.
Do you-- Uh-- What-what happened?
Lymphoma.
She fought really hard.
We're devastated. of course. but. um...
...she was sick of being sick.
I should have been there.
I should have checked in.
There's a lot of things
we all could have done differently.
Anyway. I feel like
she would have been really pissed
if I didn't reach out.
Her funeral's in a few days.
Will you come?
Percy? You there?
Uh... Uh. y...
Yeah. Yeah. I'll. um...
Sorry. I'll-I'll try.
For what it's worth...
...I know he wants you there. too.
Percy?
Is everything all right in there?
Should I call Chantal?
Percy!
It was a panic attack.
You haven't had one of those in years.
I don't know if I can face it.
Face what?
The place I used to call home.
People I hurt.
Well. you spent
the first five years I knew you
having panic attacks
and the last five hooking up
with jerks like Jake
and pretending like you don't care.
It's not that I don't care.
it's that I don't deserve any better.
You deserve everything good.
It's just...
my whole world is filled with regret
because of the choices I made.
and how things ended with Sam.
Mm.
Honestly. it's been so long. I-I don't
even know what I would be walking into.
We could social media stalk them.
I've tried.
Every few years or so.
They're all private.
Okay. well. that's just rude.
Sam was the love of my life.
and I can't move on.
but I know I have to.
I need to say goodbye to Sue.
And Barry's Bay.
And I know I can't truly do that
unless I finally say goodbye to Sam.
I need to see him.
Okay. How you gonna get there?
I don't know. Rent a car. I guess.
For what?
Uh. she's going to the lake.
I think that's good.
But you can't drive yourself.
You just had a panic attack.
- I'll be fine.
-  No.
Chantal can take you.
No. No. I-I have
a huge deposition this week.
I can't do that.
They have Zoom and Wi-Fi everywhere.
I... I... could...
- Yeah.
- Really? You wouldn't mind?
I would love to.
Uh. where are the muffins?
Shit. I forgot.
I got coffees. though.
I'll be right back.
Yeah.
♪ Would you believe me now ♪
♪ if I told you
I got caught up in a wave ♪
♪ Almost gave it away ♪
♪ Would you hear me out ♪
♪ if I told you I was terrified for days ♪
♪ Thought I was gonna break ♪
♪ Oh. I couldn't stop it ♪
♪ Tried to slow it all down ♪
♪ Crying in the bathroom ♪
♪ Had to figure it out ♪
♪ with everyone around me saying ♪
♪ "You must be so happy now" ♪
♪ Oh. if you keep reaching out ♪
♪ then I'll keep coming back ♪
♪ If you're gone for good ♪
♪ then I'm okay with that ♪
♪ If you leave the light on ♪
♪ then I'll leave the light on ♪
♪ Light on. light on. light on ♪
♪ And I am finding out ♪
♪ there's just no other way ♪
♪ that I'm still dancing
at the end of the day ♪
♪ If you leave the light on ♪
♪ then I'll leave the light on ♪
♪ Light on. light on. light on...
Wow.
Pretty great. right?
- Hmm. Wait till you see the house.
- Hmm.
♪ And do you believe me now ♪
♪ that I always had the best intentions.
babe? ♪
♪ Always wanted to stay ♪
♪ Can you feel me now? ♪
♪ That I'm vulnerable
in oh so many ways? ♪
♪ Oh. and I'll never change ♪
♪ Oh. I couldn't stop it ♪
♪ Tried to figure it out...
Welcome to the lake. Persephone.
- Give me this. All right.
- ♪ And the noise got too loud...
We could go to town.
There might be girls there your age.
I don't need girls my age.
Of course not. I was just...
Can I just go to the lake?
Great idea.
I'm gonna go get my swimsuit.
- ♪ And if you're gone for good ♪
- Okay.
♪ then I'm okay with that ♪
♪ And if you leave the light on ♪
♪ then I'll leave the light on ♪
♪ Light on. light on. light on ♪
♪ And I am finding out ♪
♪ there's just no other way ♪
♪ that I'm still dancing
at the end of the day ♪
♪ If you leave the light on ♪
♪ then I'll leave the light on ♪
♪ Light on. light on. light on ♪
♪ Oh. if you leave the light on ♪
♪ then I'll leave the light on ♪
Last one to the dock
does the dishes!
Not fair!
You got a head start!
You lose.
You cheated.
- Did not.
- Did. too.
Hey! Hey. hey. hey. Hey.
Hey!
Hi!
New neighbor?
Yeah.
Jesus. Sam. Say hi.
Hey.
There were two of them.
How old do you think they are?
I don't know. Um.
maybe they were my age.
I think the younger one might be.
Did you talk to them?
I mean. I said hi.
- They were on that raft thing.
- Hmm.
I didn't. like. swim over.
And they didn't. like.
invite me or anything.
Oh.
Hello.
Hey. Uh. I'm so sorry
to bother you. ma'am.
but does the girl
who was on the dock live here?
Yes. That's our daughter. Percy.
Oh. cool.
We just... just wanted to say hi.
Uh. sure.
Uh. Percy. you have some guests here.
I will just go back to the dishes.
Hey. Uh. I'm Charlie.
This is Sam.
Percy.
So. Sam was wondering
if maybe you wanted to play.
Dude. I was not wondering that. At all.
Okay. fine. Um...
I was wondering
if you wanted to hang out.
With-with you guys?
With Sam.
I've got friends coming over later. so.
- you know...
-  He doesn't want his kid brother
lurking around.
Told him I could just hide in my room.
but we share a bathroom.
- so I can hear him hooking up...
-  Okay.
that's-that's enough
on the details. there. Sam.
It's cool.
Happy to hang.
I-I mean. if... if you want to.
That'd be cool with your 'rents?
Oh. they'll just be happy I have
someone to be with besides them.
That made me sound like a loser.
- I want to.
- What?
Hang with you.
- Cool.
Cool.
I feel the opposite
of cool right now.
At least it's cute.
And I don't do "country."
'cause of the whole lack of Wi-Fi thing.
Do you think they do that intentionally
so people can't relax?
I think most people find disconnecting
the most relaxing part.
- Mm-hmm.
What am I doing back here?
I know. I know.
- Here to pay my respects to Sue.
- Mm-hmm.
God. she was incredible.
- You know she taught me how to play pool?
- Mm.
How to make a margarita.
The key is Cointreau.
Drove me to my first bikini wax.
- Wow.
- Wish I had a mom like that.
Yeah. Same.
Then I just... disappeared on her.
You were a kid.
And Sam treated you awful at the end.
She would have understood.
Yeah. well...
I'm a 28-year-old grown-ass woman.
I have one of the only remaining
jobs in journalism.
I have a cute apartment.
I have hot men to hook up with.
and suddenly. I'm back here
- and I'm 18 again.
- Mm.
With all the neuroses and...
regrets that that entails.
I mean. that's why
I don't go back to my hometown.
I'm basically the Tracy Flick of Arizona.
I would have liked
to have known you then.
It was literally just this. With braces.
- Oh.
- Mm-hmm.
Are you afraid that we might bump
into Charlie and Sam?
Oh. definitely.
This place is not just charming.
it's tiny.
Look. I know that
a lot of things happened here
that weren't good. but...
...it is kind of why we're here. Right?
Yeah. but not like... this.
Like what?
I just... I want it to be perfect.
Want... want me to be perfect.
That is a lot of pressure
to put on yourself.
I just... I...
You know. once we get to the hotel.
I can change and
put some makeup on.
Fix my hair.
You know. put my armor on.
I get that. I-I have to wear a blazer
when I'm in a deposition facing the enemy.
I don't want Sam to be my enemy.
But I know he might see me that way.
I don't even know why Charlie invited me.
I figured he hated me.
I know that this is scary.
Yeah. it is.
Adulting is no joke.
But I know I have to face them.
Face Sam.
And I know that you have a Zoom.
so you go.
I'm gonna go take a walk by the lake
and clear my head. You know?
The lake makes everything better.
Okay.
I will call you
when the rooms are ready. yeah?
- Okay?
- Okay.
♪ ♪
♪ Remember they said ♪
♪ I was born wild? ♪
♪ I think I live on the outside ♪
♪ Never been fixed with a slow high yet ♪
♪ I'm always walking a thin line ♪
♪ running away from the low tide ♪
♪ I know I'm better a high wire kid ♪
♪ Don't look down now ♪
♪ I'm not...
Doesn't work if you open your eyes.
How'd you know?
Mother's intuition.
And as much as I try to do this...
I feel stupid.
But with two rowdy boys.
I need all the Zen I can get.
I think I need it to calm
all the thoughts I have in my brain.
Oh. sweet P.
never feel like you need to stop that.
It's what makes you you.
And you are amazing.
♪ I'm not done here yet...
- You ready?
- Mm-hmm.
No peeking.
♪ Remember they said I was born wild? ♪
♪ I think I live on the outside ♪
♪ Never been fixed with a slow high yet ♪
♪ ♪
Sam.
It's a lot. but...
So what's it short for? Samuel?
- Mm-mm.
- Samson?
Samwise?
Lord of the Rings. Uh. nice.
But it's just Sam.
My mom says that names are stronger
when they're short.
Uh. what about you?
Are your parents. like.
really into Percy Jackson?
Um. they're professors. so. no.
It's short for Persephone.
From Greek mythology?
She's the goddess of the underworld.
That sounds spooky.
I guess my parents thought I was going
to be all mysterious or something.
So... that didn't really work out.
Seems pretty on-brand to me.
Is that. like. a friendship bracelet?
Um... yeah.
Except I-I made it for myself.
It's cool.
They're cooler when
someone else gives you one. But...
I don't really...
Is that what your dad was saying.
about needing a friend?
You heard that.
Parents are never as subtle
as they think they are.
Whatever. I had some girl drama this year.
My dad said she's threatened by me.
but. I mean. you should see her.
Delilah isn't jealous of anyone.
I mean. like-- look at her.
She looks mean.
And isn't Delilah like
the villain in the Bible?
Like. she cuts off that one dude's hair?
- You mean Samson?
- Oh. shit.
My mom says
she's going to kill that evil bitch.
Or. I mean. that's what she said to my dad
when she didn't realize I was listening.
Your mom for the win.
I think she just feels bad
'cause she's not around.
This summer is
their first sabbatical in a long time.
She works a ton.
Mine. too.
So what do people do up here?
Besides vacation?
Well. uh.
my mom owns The Tavern.
down by the dock.
Oh. that's cool. Free food.
Pierogi. Any night of the week.
I don't know what that is.
but count me in.
Only if you make me
one of those friendship bracelets.
Deal?
Deal.
And maybe I can show you
some of my favorite films.
So what should we start with?
Well. at first. I was thinking Scream.
Sort of an ironic twist
on the horror genre.
Then I realized it's more enjoyable
after you've seen Halloween 1. 2. and 4.
Whoa. Uh. how many are there?
Ten.
♪ Hip. hip ♪
♪ When you're on a holiday ♪
♪ you can't find the words to say ♪
♪ all the things that come to you ♪
♪ And I wanna feel it. too ♪
♪ On an island in the sun ♪
♪ and it makes me feel so fine ♪
- ♪ I can't control my brain ♪
- Come on!
♪ We'll run away together ♪
♪ We'll spend some time forever ♪
♪ We'll never feel bad anymore ♪
Gotcha.
♪ Hip. hip ♪
Come on!
♪ We'll never feel bad anymore ♪
Last one to the dock
does the dishes!
♪ No. no ♪
End of summer. man. Temp is perfect.
Do you want a towel?
Nah. I'm good.
I don't think I've been in the water
in. like. a month.
Dude. it's right in front of you.
Yeah. well. I haven't exactly had
a ton of free time.
Since I've been here taking care of Mom.
while you were...
At work.
I know you can take. like.
a six-month break
or whatever from your residency.
but that's not how a hedge fund works.
I didn't have a choice.
I told you...
we could've just hired someone
to take care of her.
- I would've paid for it.
- Let's see. I'm a doctor
and her son. so I figured
that person should've been me.
I came when I could.
Where the hell is the cereal?
- It's in the cabinet under the island.
- It goes above the fridge.
Well. it actually doesn't. since it's
under the island where I put it.
You know. maybe
if you would've been around more.
you could've decided
where the cereal went.
-  Where are you going?
- To jump in a lake.
Okay.
Yeah.
Oh. shit.
Thank you. Come again.
- Ooh!
- Oh. I'm so sorry.
Percy?
Delilah.
- My God. it is so good to see you.
- Hi. Yeah. Totally.
Wait. what are--
what are you doing here?
What am I doing here?
What are you doing here?
I have a house here.
- What?
- My husband and I.
we spend the summers here.
- You're married.
- Yeah.
Whit and I. we met in college.
- It was. like. love at first sight.
- Oh.
But he just works a lot.
so he just comes on the weekend. so...
- That's great.
- Yeah.
We bought the big house on the point
like five years ago.
- Oh. wow.
- Well. you know.
I mean. just how special this place is.
Yeah. it is.
Are you here visiting with your...
your kids?
Uh... no. no. no. no.
Uh. no. I'm happily single in Seattle.
- Oh. that's exciting.
- Mm-hmm.
Whit and I. actually.
we just moved out to Medina.
- Sounds very suburban.
- Yeah.
So you're-you're visiting
a friend with kids?
No. no. These are...
these are actually for me.
- Oh.
- I packed in a hurry
and I kind of forgot the essentials. so...
Wait. are you...
You're here for Sue?
Yeah. I am.
Oh...
Well. uh... That's. uh...
That's really sweet of you.
Charlie and Sam have had just a...
It's been a rough year. So...
Do they know you're here?
No. No. I. uh...
They will now.
You came.
I came.
I'm so sorry to hear about your mom.
She was a really...
really amazing woman.
Thanks.
I figured you would just be
coming for the memorial.
Yeah. Me. too.
But then I just...
I wanted to be here.
I get that.
So Charlie invited you?
When did that happen?
I called her.
She should be here for my mom.
I wanted to be.
She meant so much to me.
Must be weird being back.
It's been. like. years. right?
- Ten years.
Have you been able
to find a place to stay?
Just. summers are really busy.
so if you can't. um. I can help you.
I'm very connected.
No. I'm-I'm all good. Thank you. though.
Oh! Percy. there you are.
Um. I just got off the phone
with the hotel.
The rooms are finally ready. so... Yay.
- Oh. good.
-  Yeah.
Uh. but if you're with your friends...
No. no. that's okay.
Chantal. this is... Charlie.
Sam's brother.
Yeah. You heard about me.
Mm-hmm.
And I'm Delilah.
Hi. Nice to meet you.
- Yeah.
-  I'm-I'm Percy's friend.
from growing up.
Oh. Uh. nice.
You didn't-- You don't know about me?
It was a long time ago. Delilah.
- We were just kids.
- Yeah.
Yeah. Okay. well. I-I actually really
need Wi-Fi for my Zoom. so...
Yeah. Sorry. she has work.
Yeah. I always have work.
It's kind of my thing.
Yeah. Well. maybe we can catch up later.
when you get settled in?
- Maybe. Yeah.
-  Yeah.
And I can text you the details
for the memorial.
- Oh. Good.
- Actually think
- I still have your number. so...
- Oh. Okay.
Uh. that would be great. Thanks.
Okay. Yeah. bye.
Whatever you do. do not turn around
- because they are watching.
- That was so awkward and weird.
Why are they acting like...
Like they're fucking?
What? No!
She's married to some guy named Whit.
Y-You can be married and still do that.
Why did you invite her?
Because my mom asked me to.
Your mom?
Mm-hmm.
I have a hard time believing
she would want to bring
this drama back
into both of your lives. I mean...
Does Sam know?
God.
This is gonna wreck him.
Trust me.
I'm already regretting this decision.
Oh...
No. No. No. no. no. no. no. no.
Are... are you...?
You lied to me.
Yeah.
You-you said...
you said that this was a hotel.
And this. this is... this is a motel.
Did I?
Yeah. You did.
Well. if it's any consolation.
they just renovated it.
- So...
- Uh. it's not.
Yeah.
I'm definitely getting bedbugs.
Jordie. Hey!
Oh. my God.
do you know everyone in this town?
- Hey.
It's... it's Percy.
Fraser?
We used to hang out.
Right...
Um. sorry. where do I know you from?
Was it college?
No. Here.
Oh. you grew up here?
Well. uh. summers.
We used to hang out with Sam?
Right.
Right. Great to see you.
Same.
So how can I help you guys?
Uh. well. we're standing
in the lobby of a motel. so...
Well. I hope
you're not looking for a room.
'cause this is
a No Vacancy kind of week.
Mm. Yeah. I. uh. I booked in advance.
Two rooms under Thompson.
Oh. Yep. Right here.
But I only have you booked for one room.
I booked two.
Yeah. maybe that's the other guy
that works at this desk.
He gave you the wrong information.
Yeah. I-I'm going to encourage you
to build a website so that
stuff like this doesn't happen again.
So do you want the room?
I want two rooms.
This room has two beds.
- Mm-hmm.
It's fine.
It's room 106.
It was nice seeing you.
Delilah...
No. that-that Jordie guy?
He totally. totally remembered you.
That-that was some cold shit.
Pulling a me. Respect.
Yeah. he's Sam best friend.
Or he was. I don't even know
if they're still in touch.
Mm. Well. these small-town people.
they hold big-time grudges.
One that screwed me. 'cause I was
really looking forward to my own room.
Sorry. I don't snore.
At least. I don't think I do.
I don't exactly spend most--
or any-- nights
curled up with someone
who would tell me.
Well. I do. And it's exhausting.
Drew's snoring?
Apparently. mine.
No. Drew doesn't snore.
Even his breathing is perfect.
He wants to. like. talk about our days.
And-and our feelings. and the wedding.
- What a monster.
- Some days. I just want to. like.
sit by myself and watch
that giant British guy on his farm.
You need downtime. That's normal.
Is it?
Is it normal to. like.
resent your partner for wanting
to spend time with you?
It's honestly been so long for me.
I wouldn't know.
Can't believe we have to stay here.
Thank you! Isn't there somewhere nicer?
Yes. there is.
The house I spent my summers in. My home.
But now some other family lives there.
And that family probably waves to Delilah
when they see her in town.
The house she bought? It's so beautiful.
She doesn't deserve this place.
- Right?
- Mm-hmm.
She wouldn't even know about it
if it wasn't for me.
You know what?
We need to get out of here.
Go for. like. a run or something.
I thought you had a Zoom.
Yeah. it's just with the florist.
I can cancel it.
Maybe I should just stay here
and never leave. in case he decides
to short-sheet our beds.
Mm. Yeah. No. um. you're coming.
I don't want to.
Okay. well.
I don't want to stay in a place
that doesn't have turndown service.
so I guess we're even.
- Okay. fine.
- Mm.
I guess I'll just have to decide
whether to sweat in
my only nice pair of underwear
or switch to off-brand
princess big girl pants.
Your clothing selection
for this trip is really strange.
I panic packed. Can you slow down?
Mm. I did not agree to
an old lady mall walk. Keep moving.
I hate running. I always have.
Mind over matter.
If you don't mind. it doesn't matter.
♪ Is this a black and white...
♪ And it's not like
I'm still not over you ♪
Oh...
♪ It's so strange ♪
♪ this I never do ♪
♪ Not that I miss you. I don't ♪
♪ Sometimes I just can't believe ♪
♪ you happened ♪
I got you.
You okay?
This is a lot harder
than I thought it was gonna be.
Coming back?
Yeah.
I spent years running from what I did.
I thought I had moved on.
And that I-I was here to say goodbye.
for good.
But it's clear to me now.
coming back here. I...
...can't run from it.
Or even swim from it.
You were such a strong swimmer back then.
That's 'cause I had Sam by my side.
And I ruined everything.
Does he hate me?
Hey. bud.
How ya doing?
Okay. I guess.
Yeah. I just want to be here for you. man.
Could I help you with anything?
Uh. yeah. actually.
Yeah. We're gonna set up
some of these tables.
'cause everyone's gonna come back here
after the memorial. so...
- Just... Thank you.
- On it.
So. like...
...do you know
who's coming for the memorial?
Yeah. yeah. We. uh. we reached out
to my aunt and uncles.
And I think a few cousins are coming in.
Cool. So just. like.
family or old friends?
Yeah. My mom's life was this town. so...
yeah. not too many outsiders.
That makes sense.
But. you know. I'm sure there
might be. like. a few...
outsiders?
You know.
I have been thinking about Percy.
Maybe it's just because
I've been going through old photos. but
also--
and don't think I'm crazy here-- but...
dude. I could've sworn I saw her.
Yeah. that's absolutely nuts. right?
She's at the motel.
What?
Sh-She's here. How?
You are not gonna be happy.
You invited Percy?
I'm gonna have to call you back.
What the fuck. man!?
You know.
that wasn't your decision to make.
Jesus Christ. Sam.
You're lucky I don't fuck you up for that.
Oh. yeah. like you could.
- Could you be more childish?
- Could you be more selfish?
She loved Mom. too.
She would've wanted her to be here.
Oh. fuck you.
What the fuck do you know
about what Mom would've wanted?
All right!
I can't believe you did that
without talking to me.
Am I gonna make it. Doc?
You know. I'd say it's 50/50.
That's a pretty big splinter.
Is it gonna hurt?
Yeah.
Are you going to make it
more painful than it needs to be?
Maybe. yeah.
Seems only fair. I guess.
I didn't tell you
because I didn't know if she'd come.
Ah!
Got it.
Yeah. well... but she did.
When Percy left. I went off the rails.
I know.
Or...
I mean. Mom told me.
That year was rough. man.
But then I got back on track. and...
You know. my life now is...
I mean. things are stable.
I like that.
You've done good. little brother.
Yeah.
I just don't know
what it's gonna be like...
to see her again.
Percy wasn't just my girlfriend.
she was...
...she was my best friend.
She was family.
These are delicious.
I can't believe how many
you can eat in one sitting.
Sam. be polite.
Sorry.
Don't be.
I want to break the world record
for pierogi eating.
You know what? One day this week.
I'll make you some sweet ones.
I think rhubarb is in season soon.
Yes.
Okay. you know what?
I got to get to the restaurant.
Are you guys gonna be okay?
Yep. We're going to watch Halloween 10.
It's the last one in the series.
You have made my son
a much braver boy. Persephone Fraser.
Whatever. It's not like
I was scared of anything before.
He was always afraid of
horror movies before you.
He just doesn't want to admit it.
Oh. um. Percy.
can you help Sam with the dishes?
Otherwise.
I'm gonna come home to crusty plates.
And Sam.
walk Percy home after the movie. okay?
Have fun.
Are you done?
I'm so full.
Your mom is so cool.
She doesn't even look like a mom.
That's just because she's so young.
How old is she. anyways?
Like... 35.
Mm. Still kind of old.
Just not as old as my parents.
So...
where's your dad?
Does he. like. live somewhere else. or...
No. uh... He's dead.
I've never met anyone
with a dead dad before.
Well. I guess now you have.
Sometimes things just come
out of my mouth. That was really...
weird and...
and awkward. and rude.
I'm sorry about your dad.
Thanks.
And I'm sorry for bringing him up.
I d-- I didn't know.
Ooh. no. I'm glad.
No one ever really talks
about him anymore.
Why?
I don't know.
I mean...
Makes my mom sad.
Charlie... well. he's just Charlie.
I'm starting to forget about him.
you know?
I... I don't really know.
It was a heart attack.
One day he was there.
throwing me off the dock into the lake.
hollering at me to clean the deck.
teaching me to play poker.
And the next...
...he was gone.
And I miss him.
Well. if you want to talk about him
with me. you can. whenever.
Thanks.
Mm.
I finished it.
Do you like it?
I'm never taking this off.
Me. either.
♪ Your mystic mind ♪
♪ For you are leading us ♪
♪ towards the un-blind ♪
♪ We knew that magic is a ♪
♪ a part of life ♪
♪ When we have animals. we will ♪
♪ we'll start a tribe ♪
♪ Ah. ah-ah. ah-ah-ah. ah-ah-ah ♪
♪ You'll be the shepherd ♪
♪ as we all head towards the un-blind ♪
♪ Ah. ah-ah. ah-ah-ah. ah-ah-ah ♪
♪ Fell into the fault ♪
♪ and now we. we feel too deep ♪
♪ Ah. ah-ah. ah-ah-ah. ah-ah-ah ♪
♪ O Love is won when we're bound ♪
♪ and still feel free ♪
♪ Ah. ah-ah ♪
♪ Ah. ah ♪
♪ A puzzle planted on the forest floor ♪
♪ has grown tall by now ♪
♪ Forever is asleep ♪
♪ It is a tiny jewel ♪
♪ in a tiger mouth ♪
♪ I'm walking in the woods ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh. ooh-ooh-ooh.
ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Ooh. ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Ooh-ooh-ooh. ooh-ooh-ooh ♪
♪ Ah. ah-ah. ah-ah-ah. ah-ah-ah ♪
Sam.
You came home.
Hey.
- I'm so sorry.
- It's okay.
- It's okay. Percy. It's okay.
Oh. God.
I should be comforting you.
You are. you are.
By being here.
Then let me help.
What are you doing?
The dishes.
You were always shit at them.
True.
I'll dry.
Delilah.
Is Sam here?
Nope. He's at The Tavern.
Does he know?
When are you gonna tell him?
I don't know. He's gonna be really upset.
Or he'll be happy
knowing The Tavern is getting sold to me.
Just give me some time.
Sam's been through a lot.
You know. you're a great big brother.
♪ I've been watchin' you ♪
♪ for some time ♪
♪ Can't stop staring at those ocean eyes ♪
♪ Burning cities and napalm skies ♪
♪ 15 flares inside those ocean eyes ♪
♪ Your ocean eyes ♪
♪ No fair ♪
♪ You really know how to make me cry ♪
♪ when you give me those ocean eyes ♪
♪ I'm scared...
Sam?
Honey? Are you in here?
♪ Quite this high. fallin' into your...
Oh.
There you are.
Taylor.
Hey.
Hi.
How are you? How was your drive?
♪ Da. da-da. da-da. da...
Percy.
this is my girlfriend. Taylor.
♪ Da. da-da ♪
♪ da-da-da-da...
Hi.
Hey. It's really nice to meet you.
Same.
♪ ♪
Let me help with your bags.
Yeah.
♪ No fair ♪
I was so anxious
to see him again.
I really thought that I just had
to get through that.
It's been a long time. Percy.
A lot's happened.
So how are you holding up?
I think it's really great
that you came back here.
but you have missed. like. a lot.
Why would she go back there?
After everything they put her through?
If he found out what I did...
You have to stop punishing yourself.
Percy being here is bad for me.
When I'm with her. I don't think.
At all.
Seeing you guys together
felt like a scene out of the past.
Percy and I were over a long time ago.
I'm with Taylor now.
I never know where I stand with you.
You want me and then you don't.
It's confusing and hurtful.
If Sam knew why you left...
Sam can never. ever know.
Ah!
How you might only have
one chance at happiness...
Come on. you got this!
...at love.
But what if you don't?
Sam...
there's something I have to tell you.
♪ ♪
♪ Is yours ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org